docs(discover): document tab grouping in recently closed tabs menu (#5970)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/discover/discover-get-started.md

  If you want to discard all open tabs, you can also start a {icon}`plus` **New session**/**New** from the application menu. When you use this option, any unsaved changes to your current session are lost.
  :::

> - Reopen recently closed tabs: If you close a tab by mistake, you can retrieve it by selecting the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Tabs menu** icon located at the end of the tab bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reopen recently closed tabs: If you close a tab by mistake, you can retrieve it by selecting the {icon}`arrow_down` **Tabs menu** icon located at the end of the tab bar.
```

>   - {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Tabs closed at the same time (for example, when navigating away from Discover) are grouped together in the recently closed menu. You can expand a group to see the individual tabs, restore a specific tab, or restore all tabs in the group at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Tabs closed at the same time (for example, when navigating away from Discover) are grouped together in the recently closed menu. You can expand a group to view the individual tabs, restore a specific tab, or restore all tabs in the group at once.
```

>   - {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Tabs closed at the same time (for example, when navigating away from Discover) are grouped together in the recently closed menu. You can expand a group to view the individual tabs, restore a specific tab, or restore all tabs in the group at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - {applies_to}`stack: preview 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: preview` Tabs closed at the same time (for example, when navigating away from Discover) are grouped together in the {icon}`arrow_down` **Tabs menu**. You can expand a group to view the individual tabs, restore a specific tab, or restore all tabs in the group at once.
```
